This assignment was interesting. It was hard to know exactly what was expected, what was more effort, what was allowed, or not. I chose a topic that made this exceptionally difficult, as most of the media revolved around warfare, politics, and a general self-aware humour, all built in. Of course I wanted to replicate that in the website, cleverly using the media to play along with the joke.

INITIAL STUFF

Super Earth: This proud planet that has 'liberated' neighboring planets and spread managed democracy all over the galaxy. I assume as we go through designing this website, I should really emphasize the pride, so in terms of colours, I used the main colours seen on the super earth flag: Light blue, a more visible yellow, and white. For the headnavigation, I used this blue and a variation of it for the hover state, and I had the text be white to be more pop out and clean. 

I spent some time figuring out how to put the Super Earth logo in the middle of the navigation. I must add that this was the first part of the website I worked on, so white this comes simply to me now, it took me a second beforehand. I settled with the idea of making each flex item inside the same width, so everything could align and center to have the logo in the center. As the screen gets smaller, this changes for the sake of scaling, but with a regular experience, it works!

Throughout the pages or the image alts, there is a lot of gobbledeegoop. The best part about the gobbledeegoop is that its all true. There was a lot of research that went in to making sure each image was accurate to the surface of the planet, a lot of work to get the lore, history, and geography correct. Page 2, all those voters lost? All accurate to in game events. Nothing was just thrown in there or made up, ALL TRUE for immersion

PAGE 1

Let's start off with the home page. This one is probably the most serious as it talks about super earth. There aren't many images to work with for super earth, generally only being depicted a few times, but I made it work. The beginning page, BIG text with a nice image covering the screen. The text is almost the same font as the one seen in the intro of helldivers 2 (In the intro cinematic, a yellow text with beveled edges appears using FS Sinclair. For assignment requirements and licensing/importing issues, I used a very similar font called 'tomorrow' from google fonts!) When you go down, the background images stays in the same position and fills the entire screen no matter the ratio (despite what I've seen online, I do like vh and vw.)

I ran into my biggest problem here, in terms of design: What should the background be? I struggled with this for a hot minute. There's a few ways I could do it. White with dark mode? Solid image? None of these looked right OR fit the media, I couldn't see a plain white when promoting a planet/galaxy. Not the same as "look at our landmarks," right?

No, I wanted instead to try and replicate the UI design you see within the game, how they designed their graphic style and interfaces, such as the stratagem popup or galactic war overview. This commonly includes a yellow border with a digital-like background image, like those old monitors. Or...it may have been solid black...Eh, it looks MUCH fancier and detailed with those lines. With this background tool stretching the page, I was able to have a white on black background that feels detailed and easy to read thanks to the faded imagery (I've kinda followed your advice!)

Another decision about page layout, should I have there be a margin between the background and the cover, like how a blog article will have its text centered in the page with a large margin between the edge of the page. I decided not to as without it, the image in the background was too bright, and I couldn't fit as much as I needed to, aaaaand it would have made size ratios more of a hassle, so, win-win.

Continuing on with the first page, I quickly added a slideshow to the beginning that showcases the imagery of the planet seen in the first Helldivers (remember that there's helldivers 1 and 2,) a review section with a removed review for treason (this is a joke seen all the time in the in-game store, they have fake reviews for every item you can buy, so its perfect to have here. On another note, the ui is a half-opacity black overlay that still has the game in the bg, so the design choice works even more,) and then just a flex box with some other imagery. 

PAGE 2

The second page tours you through the galaxy, a quick yet bountiful decision in response to a lack of Super Earth imagery to utilize. In Helldivers, Super Earth expanded their reign to neighboring planets in an attempt to drive out accompanying life forms, so, these planets are part of super earth and a very welcome vacation option. This works, and so I formatted everything to be travel-recommend-y.

BUT! Gotta remember to be funny, right? So I wanted a running gag of the various planets listed to get progressively worse over time, starting from the close-by pretty pink Seyshel Beach, and then finally to the gloom ridden planet that will kill you. I included a bigger post at the bottom to talk about the Meridia Singularity, a black hole created from the ruins of a planet deemed unsavable. This black hole is quite important to the game and I thought deserved its own explanation despite being featured in the background, so I made it at the bottom and made it bigger than the rest. 

I must say, I am the most proud of this page layout for how well it works. In terms of design, its pretty nice and decently professional given the context. The containers have a darker background to improve readability, the text is spaced by line, letter, and thickness to make it as readable as possible, and the vertical image cutoff loos nice and encourages people to expand the image. I used the images filling up divs all throughout the page which helped content scale and not distort, but it worked PERFECTLY with flex. Flex boxes, unlike most scaling methods I've encountered so far, squish only when it has no more room. You could set an image to have 10vw or 50%, but all of those will squish WHENEVER you scale the page, not when they run out of room. Using flex boxes, I was able to PROFIT, and may try to put flexboxes inside grids in the future. 

Either way, I then made flexboxes inside of flexboxes inside of flexboxes. For each little planet section. For reference, the title, the images, and the explanation are all separate rows, to ensure that items are aligned vertically properly. In terms of scaling, the containers of all these rows adjust their width based on the viewport size, but the images inside these containers adjust based on percentage, which is dependant on the amount of room left inside the container, NOT the page. So the container will scale, but when theres not enough room inside the container, THATS when the images squish. No need for excessive media adjustments in css, its reduced thanks to this modularization. You ever make code and then it works beautifully but you have no idea how it works? Thats me with this. Either way, I then added media states to make the most of the page size, and it scales nicely across platforms. 

That's all for page 2, and is probably the most divergent of the pages.

PAGE 3

This one follows pretty much the same layout as page one, this one was a bit of a stretch however. The what can you do page had me once again at the choice of thematics or following the rules to a T. See...I could do another page about what you can do on these planets or on super earth, but I really have no images for that and there is no material in regards to vacation activities. I also kinda did both on page 2, as there's text and imagery. With the third page, I had the best opportunity possible: A recruitment page for the Helldivers. What can you do to serve democracy? What can you do to prove you have the courage to be free? (quote from the game) So I semi-linked it to travel and showcased various scenes from the conflict. Bam, JOIN THE HELLDIVERS. It DOES in a way meet the requirements of the page, its just twisted to fit the theme and make the most of the site and its objective. 

PAGE 4

Making the 4th page, even with the extension, I reached very late. I didn't have much time, I mainly focused on making he primary pages responsive and include everything requested. Since the 4th page could be anything, I made a quick decision that still fits the theme, and while simple as hell, would wow a lot of others.

I was inspired by other peers who imported google maps onto their page to let viewers explore the location. I wasn't aware you could do that, but I wanted to see if there was an online map to check out the galaxy of Helldivers. Sure enough, THERE IS, and it has LIVE updates of the war going on IN GAME! Like thats insane. Once I discovered this, I wanted to see if, like maps, I could put a webpage insdie my web page. SURE ENOUGH, THERE IS THE IFRAME ELEMENT THAT INDEED DOES THAT. So with a simple import, people can now use this tool on my page to view the planets their can travel to. BRILLIANT SOLUTION! Yes, I could do more, but for the sake of travel and theming and TIME, it works.

Thumbs up!

I'd say for next time I need to put more investment in animations and other javascript applications. I may have been able to do more of this if I utilized my time better during the break, but I didn't. However, I am still proud of this website, as it has more effort put into meeting the requirements effectively, more theming that works in terms of design, more fun layouts, and some great responsiveness from page scaling. I worked A LOT on that, and I spent a good chunk of time really developing the css files, separating them and filling them with options so I can build the pages easier. The other good thing about investing into my css files is that I've made them modular - able to work with other websites in a multitude of cases, only requiring a little bit of adjustment in future. Now I don't need to rebuild my stylings everytime, as all my options are already there and flexible. I can develop my sites much easier, and put more focus into javascript and animation!